Interviewee name, title, LinkedIn and/or Twitter links and/or other ways to contact. (if s/he wants it)

What kind products / services does your company develop / maintain? (web based, on-site appliance, hardware, etc.)
Number of engineers: 
Are there any remote engineers? (If yes, how does that work out?)

What are the most common tools that engineers use?
Which languages do engineers code in?
Which operating systems do you use?
Which databases do you use?
What are the development environments? (OS, editor, Vagrant? Docker?)
What is the system architecture? (Monolith, Microservices, Mix, etc.?)
What kind of cloud infrastructure do you use?

What Agile practices do you employ? (Daily stand-up, Sprints, Retrospectives, ...)
What does DevOps mean in your company? (Do you have a dedicated developer experience/developer tools team?)
Is anyone on-call? Who? (Developers, DevOps people, ...?)

What is the development process like? (The lifecycle of a piece of committed code, branching strategy)
Do you do pair-programming? Mob-programming?
Do you do code reviews? How often? What is code review like?

How is testing done? (Manual QA? What kind of tests are run? How long does a test cycle run?)
How is code released / deployed? (How often? Who can do it? Do you have staging environment? Deployment circles?)

What is an average day-in-the-life of someone on one of the engineering teams?
What makes ... a special place to be an engineer?

What are the biggest pleasures and challenges in your job?
What was a major problem you as an engineering organization have encountered in the last year and how did you solve it?
Any disaster you could share with us?

What else would you like to tell people interested in the work at your company?

Some extra questions:
* How much interaction is among the people in different locations vs. inside a single office?
* Could you elaborate the steps you took to introduce Agile principles? What were the obstacles and how did you overcome them?


Outside of the interview:
* What would you like to know about the RnD of other companies? What else should I ask?
* Who and/or which company would you suggest to interview?

